----For HR dept.
vlan 10
name data
vlan 120
name VOICE
exit
int range fa0/1-2
switchport mode trunk
exit
int range fa0/3-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
switchport voice vlan 120
exit
do wr

----For CS dept.
vlan 20
name data
vlan 120
name VOICE
exit
int range fa0/1-2
switchport mode trunk
exit
int range fa0/3-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
switchport voice vlan 120
exit
do wr

----For MK dept.
vlan 30
name data
vlan 120
name VOICE
exit
int range fa0/1-2
switchport mode trunk
exit
int range fa0/3-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
switchport voice vlan 120
exit
do wr

----For LM dept.
vlan 40
name data
vlan 120
name VOICE
exit
int range fa0/1-2
switchport mode trunk
exit
int range fa0/3-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 40
switchport voice vlan 120
exit
do wr

----For IT dept.
vlan 50
name data
vlan 120
name VOICE
exit
int range fa0/1-2
switchport mode trunk
exit
int range fa0/3-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 50
switchport voice vlan 120
exit
do wr


------For HQ-MLSW1
int range gig1/0-7
switchport mode trunk
exit
vlan 10
name HR
vlan 20
name CS
vlan 30
name MK
vlan 40
name LM
vlan 50
name IT
vlan 120
name VOICE
exit
do wr

------For HQ-MLSW2
int range gig1/0-6
switchport mode trunk
exit
vlan 10
name HR
vlan 20
name CS
vlan 30
name MK
vlan 40
name LM
vlan 50
name IT
vlan 120
name VOICE
exit
do wr


